Reload triggers remote file installation documentation (#452)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/summary.rst

File Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When the first job runs on a remote platform (or after a ``cylc reload``), a
> remote initialization process is triggered to install files onto platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the first job runs on a remote platform (after start-up, or after a ``cylc reload``), a
remote initialization process is triggered to install workflow files there.
```
